So now we want to describe our problem in a machine learning vocab right.
So the data sets are going to be using is what we call the fashion minus dataset.
OK.
So as you can see here I kind of took a snapshot of the images.
So it's kind of a grayscale images.
OK.
Of different categories including for example dresses coats sneakers bags and so on.
And our objective is to build the classifiers build the kind of a deep learning network that can look
at these images and can tell us OK this image basically belongs to one of these target classes.
One of these 10 categories.
OK.
So the fashion is data set contains 70000 images.
They are divided into 60000 chaining datasets and 10000 testing datasets and if all these images are
28 by 20 a grayscale images if you guys are not familiar with how to present images and so on.
And again this is not a kind of a computer vision per se course.
We're going to show you kind of a quick overview how to present that image.
So when we dig into the code we can fully understand how can we train the model even if you don't have
any computer vision or any image for example analysis studies or knowledge before it.
OK.
So again we're going to build our pacifiers.
We're going to take these images.
OK classify them into 10 categories or 10 classes.
Right.
So for example this is kind of an actual images from the dataset.
OK snapshots give you an idea of how easy or hard it is to classify images.
So I guess can see this kind of a sneaker as guess can see here.
This is kind of ankle boots so this is kind of a classified a class 10.
OK.
It's kind of a t shirt.
And this is kind of a bag.
OK this actual true images that we got out of the amnesty fashion dresser.
All right.
You guys can see all these images are 28 pixels by 28 pixels and all of them are kind of a gray in a
gray scale image.
I'm going to see how going to present degrees can image moving forward.
All right.
So the first question is how can we what is an image or how can we present an image.
So in very simple form again all these images are stored within the computer in just numbers.
OK.
All of it.
Just a bunch of numbers.
So it greyscale image simply present colors as as giving in a number from 0 to 255.
OK.
So if we wanted to represent a black line or a black dot that we're going to say OK we're going to put
within a pixel number zero.
So zero for example if I put it in a pixel that means the color is black.
If we put two hundred and fifty five that indicate the color is white that means the color is kind of
more right in between between zero and 255.
Then we can have kind of a different gray shades of gray scales out of the color.
OK.
So as you can see here this kind of an image as you guys can see and next to it if we dig deeper you'll
see that the image simply is bunch of pixels in each of these pixels is simply a number they can tell
us OK this pixels white or black or gray very simply if it's black in 0 if it's white is 255 and if
it is in-between it might be 100 maybe 80 it might be whatever depends on how the level of darkness
of that gray.
OK.
So I can see this kind of 0 0.
This is 40.
This is 255 indicating white.
This kind of an 80.
This is 155 and as you increase the number it becomes a little bit more brighter.
They are shifting towards white color.
All right.
So I again all these basically images are represented in a binary system or a binary format.
When you say buy new format that means just zero on one so it's not in decimal format.
So this is kind of the image in a decimal format.
And this is the image in a binary format.
So 0 we can it presented in an 8 bit big pixels by a bunch of zeros.
OK if we want to do 255 That's like 1 1 1 1 1 all of them are ones in between.
We can just put kind of a mix of zeros and ones that indicates a different number.
OK so number 40 for example is 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0.
That's how you present the number 40.
OK.
Obviously if you guys are not familiar with binding numbers just you can just quickly look at it.
Wikipedia or whatever you can just you know put different weights to these numbers so that's the trick
here.
The weight of that is two power zero.
That's two part 1 to part 2 and so on.
And that's how you come up with kind of conversion from binary values into decimal that is.
All right.
That's how we present the image.
So in our case we actually have an image and these images are 28 by 28 OK you guys can see we have 28
axles and 20 pixels.
And again each of these pixels has a bunch of numbers.
OK.
This obviously will going to be zero.
This is kind of the way this one is going to be let's say one or two hundred fifty five and in between
you can have kind of a mix of you know like numbers ranging from 0 to 1 and 55.
OK.
So when we look at the data again when you jump into the ship the notebook when we look at the data
you'll see that data is presented in kind of an Excel sheet.
OK.
And it's presented kind of each of the columns representing the pixels.
So here we have the first column representing X and 1 2 3 and so on until pixel seven hundred and eighty
four which is simply if you multiply 28 by 28 that matrix that will tell you the overall number which
is seven hundred eighty four values.
So that's kind of the pixels.
So each row indicates an image.
Is this the first image might be like a hat this bro.
The next draw might be like a sneaker third draw and so on so forth.
OK.
That's kind of how the present hour images are dataset.
All right.
I hope it's not to like foreign language to you.
Again if you guys don't have any experience at hand before in computer vision or like image analysis
this kind of a quick kind of a crash course on how to present images in grayscale.
All right.
And that's pretty much all we have for the section.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next section.